Doc: Update release notes with findings on Python 3.14 (#7185)
aristanetworks/avd: docs/installation/collection-installation.md

- Modify `ansible.cfg` file to support additional [jinja2 extensions](#ansible-configuration-file)

!!! danger "Python Version Compatibility Warning"
    **Avoid Python 3.13.10, 3.13.11, 3.14.1 and 3.14.2** - These versions contain a bug that causes AVD to crash.

>     See the [release notes](../release-notes/5.x.x.md#python-31310-and-31311-incompatibility) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    See the [release notes](../release-notes/5.x.x.md#python-versions-incompatibility) for more information.
```
